10 Critical requirements:

1. As a Program Administrator/instructor, I want a visual representation of course scheduling data so that I can quickly mentally process the course scheduling information.

2. As a Program Administrator, I want a semester curriculum planner that can help me plan my semester in realtime with all other stakeholders like other Program Administrators and instructors so that the courses can get planned quickly.

3. As a Program Administrator, I want to be notified whenever an instructor needs a resource from me in realtime, so that the course can go on unhindered.

4. As an instructor,  I want a system that helps me request my Program Administrator for specific course related resources (like HBR articles) at anytime during the semester so that I can teach effectively. 

5. As an instructor, I want a system in which I don't have to explicitly request for resources that are needed every semester unless there's a change in my requirements, so that I can use that saved time for other productive activities.

6. As an instructor, I want a schedule that is already prepared for me unless there is a change in timings/ details from previous semesters so that I can use that saved time for other productive activities.

7. The system should be scalable so that as the university becomes bigger/ other departments get added, the system can handle the added user load.

8. The system should be customizable so that different departments with different needs can use it to plan their semester course curriculum.

9. The system should be hosted on the web, so that it can be accessible from anywhere.

10. As an instructor, I want more transparency about which time slots are being allotted to which instructors/ courses so that I feel more connected to the university and how it works.

11. As a Program Administrator, I want a system that helps me convey messages to the instructors in my department during the semester so that I can notify them of important announcements/ requests in realtime.

 
